
---
title: MediaPlayer Kit
description: 
platform: Windows
updatedAt: Thu Jul 16 2020 04:13:08 GMT+0800 (CST)
---
# MediaPlayer Kit
## Function description

The MediaPlayer Kit is a powerful player that supports playing local and online media resources. With this player, you can either locally play media resources or synchronously share currently playing media resources with remote users in the Agora channel.

## Usage notice

- Currently supported media formats: Local files in AVI, MP4, MP3, MKV, and FLV formats; online media streams using HTTP, RTMP and RTSP protocols.
- When locally playing media resources, you only need a separate MediaPlayer Kit. When synchronously sharing media resources with remote users, you need to use the MediaPlayer Kit, Agora Native SDK, and RtcChannelPublishPlugin at the same time. The MediaPlayer Kit supports the local user to use the player function, the Native SDK supports live interactive streaming scenarios, and the RtcChannelPublishPlugin supports publishing media streams to remote users in Agora channel.
- When sharing media resources with remote users, the playback window occupies the local user's video as captured by the camera. Therefore, if you want remote users to see both the local user's and the player's window, you need to start another process to capture the local user's video.

## Set up the development environment

### Prerequisites

- Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 or later
- A Windows device running Windows 7 or later

> Open the specified ports in [Firewall Requirements](https://docs.agora.io/en/Agora%20Platform/firewall?platform=All%20Platforms) if your network has a firewall.
>
> A valid Agora account ([Sign up](https://dashboard.agora.io) for free) is necessary when sharing media resources to remote users.

### Create a Windows project

Build a Windows project from scratch:

<details>
	<summary><font color="#3ab7f8">Create a Windows project</font></summary>

1. Open <b>Microsoft Visual Studio</b> and click <b>Create new project</b>.
2. On the <b>New Project</b> panel, choose <b>MFC Application</b> as the project type, input the project name, choose the project location, and click <b>OK</b>.
3. On the <b>MFC Application</b> panel, choose <b>Application type > Dialog based</b>, and click <b>Finish</b>.
</details>

### Integrate the MediaPlayer Kit

#### Configure the project files

1. Go to [Downloads](https://docs.agora.io/en/Agora%20Platform/downloads), download the latest version of the MediaPlayer Kit, and unzip the download package.

2. Copy the **sdk** to the project folder.

#### Configure the project properties

Right-click the project name in the **Solution Explorer** window, click **Properties** to configure the following project properties, and click **OK**.

- Go to the **VC++ > General > Additional Include Directories** menu, click **Edit**, and input **./sdk/include** in the pop-up window.
- Go to the **VC++ > General > Additional Library Directories** menu, click **Edit**, and input **./sdk/lib** in the pop-up window.
- Go to the **Linker > Input > Additional Dependencies** menu, click **Edit**, and input **AgoraMediaPlayer.lib** and **shell32.lib** in the pop-up window.

### Integrate the Native SDK

- **Version requirements**: 2.4.0 or later.

- Integration steps: See [Integrate the Native SDK](https://docs.agora.io/en/Interactive%20Broadcast/start_live_windows?platform=Windows#integrate-the-sdk).


### Integrate the RtcChannelPublishPlugin

Version requirements: The same as the Native SDK version series you are using.

Integration steps:

1. [Download](https://github.com/AgoraIO/Agora-Extensions/releases) and unzip the MediaPlayerExtensions.zip.
2. Add the ./MediaPlayerExtensions/win/RtcChannelPublishHelper folder to your project folder.
3. Right-click the project name in the **Solution Explorer** window, click **Properties** to configure the following project properties, and click **OK**:
   Go to the **VC++ > General > Additional Include Directories** menu, click **Edit**, and input **./RtcChannelPublishPlugin/utils** in the pop-up window.


## Implementation

<a name="local"></a>
### Play media resources locally

After integrating the MediaPlayer Kit, follow these steps to implement the local playback function.

**Create a player instance**

1. Call the `createAgoraMediaPlayer` method to create an instance of ` IMediaPlayer`.

    > To play different media resources simultaneously, you should create multiple instances.

2. Call the `initialize` method to initialize the player.

**Set the log file**

The log file contains all the log events generated by the mediaplayer kit at runtime. The default path of the log file is `C:/Users/{user_name}/AppData/Local/Agora/{project_name}`.

Set the log file as follows:

- To set the output path of the log file, call the `setLogFile` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class.
- To set the output level of the log file, call the `setLogFilter` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class .


**Register a player observer object**

1. Implement the `IMediaPlayerObserver` interface and instantiate an `IMediaPlayerObserver` object.
2. Call the `registerPlayerObserver` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to register a player observer object and listen for the following playback events:
   - `onPositionChanged`, which reports the current playback progress.
   - `onPlayerStateChanged`, which reports the playback state change.
   - `onPlayerEvent`, which reports the events during playback, such as the result of a seek operation to a new playback position, and the change of the audio track.
   - `onMetaData`, which occurs each time the player receives the media metadata.


By listening for these events, you can have more control over the playback process and enable your app to support data in custom formats (media metadata). If an exception occurs, you can use these event callbacks for troubleshooting.

**(Optional) Register an audio observer object**

1. Implement the `IAudioFrameObserver` interface and instantiate an `IAudioFrameObserver` object.

2. Call the `registerAudioFrameObserver` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to register an audio observer object and listen for the event that confirms the reception of each audio frame. After handling the `AudioPcmFrame `class, you can record the audio.

**(Optional) Register a video observer object**

1. Implement the `IVideoFrameObserver` interface and instantiate an `IVideoFrameObserver` object.
2. Call the `registerVideoFrameObserver` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to register a video observer object and listen for the event that confirms the reception of each video frame. After handling the `VideoFrame` class, you can record the video or take screenshots of the video.

**Preparations for playback**

1. Call the `setView` method of  the `IMediaPlayer` class to set the render view of the player.

2. Call the `setRenderMode` method of  the `IMediaPlayer` class to set the rendering mode of the player's view.

3. Call the `open` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to open the media resource. The media resource path can be a network path or a local path. Both absolute and relative paths are supported.

   > Do not proceed until you receive the `onPlayerStateChanged` callback reporting `PLAYER_STATE_OPEN_COMPLETED(2)`.

4. Call the `play` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to play the media resource locally.

**Adjust playback settings**

You can call several other methods of the `IMediaPlayer` class to implement various playback settings:

- Pause/resume playback, adjust playback progress and speed, adjust local playback volume, and so on.
- Get the total duration of the media resource, get the current playback progress, get the current playback state, get the number of media streams in the media resource and detailed information about each media stream.

**Stop playback**

1. Call the `stop` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to stop playback.

2. Call the `unregisterAudioFrameObserver` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to stop registering the audio observer.

  > If you have not registered an audio observer, skip this step.

3. Call the `unregisterVideoFrameObserver` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to stop registering the video observer.

   > If you have not registered a video observer, skip this step.

4. Call the `unregisterPlayerObserver` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to stop registering the player observer.

5. Call the `release` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class to release the `IMediaPlayer` resource.

**Sample code**

```C++

class CPlayerSimpleDemo : public CWnd, public agora::rtc::IMediaPlayerObserver {
public:
    DECLARE_MESSAGE_MAP()
    CPlayerSimpleDemo() : media_player_( nullptr )
    {
    }


    ~CPlayerSimpleDemo()
    {
        if ( media_player_ )
        {
            media_player_->Release();
            media_player_ = nullptr;
        }
    }


    // IMediaPlayerObserver
    virtual void onPlayerStateChanged( const IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE state,
                       const IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_ERROR ec ) override
    {
        switch ( state )
        {
        case IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE_OPEN_COMPLETE:
            media_player_->play();
            break;
        case IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE_FAILED:
            media_player_->stop();
            break;
        case IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE_PLAYBACKCOMPLETED:
            media_player_->stop();
            break;
        default:
            break;
        }
    }


    virtual void onPositionChanged( const int64_t position ) override
    {
    }


    virtual void onMetaData( void* data, int length ) override
    {
    }


    virtual void onPlayerEvent( const IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_EVENT event ) override
    {
    }


    afx_msg int OnCreate( LPCREATESTRUCT lpCreateStruct )
    {
        if ( CWnd::OnCreate( lpCreateStruct ) == -1 )
            return(-1);
        media_player_ = createAgoraMediaPlayer();
        if ( media_player_ )
        {
            media_player_->registerPlayerObserver( this );
            media_player_->setView( m_hWnd );
            media_player_->open( "http://tb-video.bdstatic.com/tieba-smallvideo/68_20df3a646ab5357464cd819ea987763a.mp4" );
        }
        return(0);
    }


private:
    agora::rtc::IMediaPlayer* media_player_;
};

```

### Share media resources to the remote

After integrating the MediaPlayer Kit, the Agora Native SDK, and the RtcChannelPublishPlugin, follow these steps to synchronously share media resources played by the local user to all the remote users in the Agora channel.

**Instantiate required objects**

1. [Instantiate an IRtcEngine object](https://docs.agora.io/en/Interactive%20Broadcast/start_live_windows?platform=Windows#2-initialize-irtcengine).
2. Instantiate the objects for the mediaplayer kit and the RtcChannelPublishPlugin.
3. Call the `attachPlayerToRtc` method of the `AgoraRtcChannelPublishHelper` class to bundle the player with the Agora channel.

**Enable the player to complete playback preparations**

Register the player, audio, and video observer objects, and complete the **preparations for playback**. See [Play media resources locally](#local) for details.

> Do not proceed until you receive the `onPlayerStateChanged` callback reporting `PLAYER_STATE_PLAYING (3)`.

**Enable the local user to join the channel by using the SDK**

Refer to [the RTC quickstart guide](https://docs.agora.io/en/Interactive%20Broadcast/start_live_windows?platform=Windows#3-set-the-channel-profile) for details about how to enable the local user to join the `LIVE_BROADCASTING` channel in the role of `BROADCASTER`:

1. Call the `setChannelProfile` method to set the channel mode to `LIVE_BROADCASTING`.

2. Call the `setClientRole` method to set the local user role as the host.

3. Call the `enableVideo` method to enable the video module.

4. Call the `joinChannel` method to enable the local user to join the channel.

   > Do not proceed until you receive the `onJoinChannelSuccess` callback.

**Start sharing by using the plugin**

1. To prevent the remote user from hearing the echo, call the `adjustPlayoutSignalVolume` method to set the playback volume to `0`, and then call the `mute(true)` method of the `IMediaPlayer` class.

2. Call the `publishVideo`/`publishAudio` method to publish the video/audio stream in the media resource to remote users in the Agora channel.

3. Call the `adjustPublishSignalVolume` method to adjust the playback volume heard by the remote user.


**Cancel sharing by using the plugin**

1. Call the `unpublishVideo`/`unpublishAudio` method to unpublish the video/audio stream in the media resource.

2. Call the `detachPlayerFromRtc` method to unbind the player from the Agora channel.

<div class="alert note">Do not skip this section and directly call the <code>leaveChannel</code> method to cancel the media stream being shared, otherwise abnormal behaviors occur when the local user rejoins the channel:
	<li>The previously unshared media stream automatically sends to the remote users.</li>
	<li>The audio and video streams are not synchronized during playback.</li></div>


**Sample code**

```C++
AgoraRtcChannelPublishHelper *agora_rtc_channel_publish_helper_= new AgoraRtcChannelPublishHelper()
virtual void onPlayerStateChanged( const IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE state,
                   const IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_ERROR ec ) override
{
    switch ( state )
    {
    case IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE_OPEN_COMPLETE:
        agora_rtc_channel_publish_helper_->attachPlayerToRtc(rtc_engine_, media_player_);
        agora_rtc_channel_publish_helper_->publishAudio();
        agora_rtc_channel_publish_helper_->publishVideo();
        break;
    case IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE_FAILED:
        media_player_->stop();
        break;
    case IMediaPlayer::PLAYER_STATE_PLAYBACKCOMPLETED:
        media_player_->stop();
        break;
    default:
        break;
    }
}
```

## Considerations

To avoid the problem that the new audio router is abnormally muted when the local user switches the audio router during playback, Agora recommends the following steps:

- When playing media resources locally, Agora recommends that the local user does not switch the audio router to Bluetooth devices.

- When sharing media resources, Agora recommends the following steps before switching the audio router to Bluetooth devices:
    1. After calling the `joinChannel` method,  call the [`enumeratePlaybackDevices`](https://docs.agora.io/en/Interactive%20Broadcast/API%20Reference/cpp/classagora_1_1rtc_1_1_i_audio_device_manager.html#aa13c99d575d89e7ceeeb139be723b18a) method to get the `deviceId` of the Bluetooth device.
    2. Call the [`setPlaybackDevice`](https://docs.agora.io/en/Interactive%20Broadcast/API%20Reference/cpp/classagora_1_1rtc_1_1_i_audio_device_manager.html#a1ee23eae83165a27bcbd88d80158b4f1) method and pass in the `deviceId` parameter to switch the audio router to the Bluetooth device during playback.

## API documentation

See the [API documentation](https://docs.agora.io/en/Interactive%20Broadcast/API%20Reference/mediaplayer_cpp/index.html).
