
---
title: Signaling API
description: 
platform: Windows
updatedAt: Wed Jul 31 2019 12:48:10 GMT+0800 (CST)
---
# Signaling API
> Version: v1.4.0

## Methods

> Only the built-in attributes come after an underscore; the custom attributes do not.

### Lifecycle

#### Creates a Single AgoraSDK Instance (getAgoraSDKInstanceWin)

This method creates a single <code>AgoraSDK</code> instance.

```
IAgoraAPI* getAgoraSDKInstanceWin(char const * appId, size_t appId_size);
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>appId</code></td>
<td>The App ID. See <a href="../../en/Agora%20Platform/key_signaling.md">Get an App ID</a>.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Creates Multiple AgoraSDK Instances (createAgoraSDKInstanceWin)

This method creates multiple <code>AgoraSDK</code> instances.

```
agora_sdk_win::IAgoraAPI* createAgoraSDKInstanceWin(char const * appId, size_t appId_size);
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>appId</code></td>
<td>The App ID. See <a href="../../en/Agora%20Platform/key_signaling.md">Get an App ID</a>.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Destroys the AgoraAPIOnlySignal Instance (destroy)

This method destroys the <code>AgoraSDK</code> instance.

```
public virtual void destroy ();
```

#### Set a Callback (callbackSet)

This method sets a callback.

```
public virtual void callbackSet (ICallBack* handler) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>handler</code></td>
<td>A handler of <code>ICallBack</code>.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



> Avoid using synchronous or block callback operations. Otherwise, the signaling system may crash. To avoid memory leakage, delete the instance pointer which was set by <code>callbackSet</code> the last time your app logged out of the signaling system.

#### Retrieves the Callback (callbackGet)

This method retrieves an <code>ICallBack</code> object.

```
public ICallBack* callbackGet () ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Return Value</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ICallBack</code></td>
<td>An object of ICallBack.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Login

#### Log into Agora's Signaling System (login)

Use this method to log into Agora’s signaling system. Users must log in before performing any operations.

```
public virtual void login (char const * appId, size_t appId_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,char const * token, size_t token_size,uint32_t uid,char const * deviceID, size_t deviceID_size) ;
```

- When login is successful, the <code>onLoginSuccess</code> callback function is triggered.
- When login fails, the <code>onLoginFailed</code> callback function is triggered.
- When the connection to the server is lost, the <code>onLogout</code> callback function is triggered.

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>appId</code></td>
<td>The App ID provided by Agora. For more information, see <a href="../../en/Agora%20Platform/key_signaling.md">Get an App ID</a>.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>The user ID defined by the client, which can be up to 128 visible characters (space is not allowed). It can be a uid, nickname, guid, or other content, as long as it is unique. The account parameters in this document follow this rule.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>token</code></td>
<td>The <code>SignalingToken</code> generated by App ID and App Certificate. See <a href="../../en/Agora%20Platform/key_signaling.md">How to Get and Use a SignalingToken</a> for details.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>Obsolete: Set it to 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>deviceID</code></td>
<td>Set it to NULL.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



> You can skip generating a token in a test environment by setting `token` to `_no_need_token`. However, Agora does not recommend this in a production environment. By default, if you are already logged in, the `login` call will be ignored. To cancel the previous login, you can call `logout` first without having to wait until it is successfully executed.

#### Log into Agora's Signaling System (login2)

Use this method to log into Agora’s signaling system. Users must always log in before performing any operations.

```
public virtual void login2 (char const * appId, size_t appId_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,char const * token, size_t token_size,uint32_t uid,char const * deviceID, size_t deviceID_size,int retry_time_in_s,int retry_count) ;
```

- When login is successful, the <code>onLoginSuccess</code> callback function is triggered.
- When login fails, the <code>onLoginFailed</code> callback function is triggered.
- When the connection to the server is lost, the <code>onLogout</code> callback function is triggered.

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>appId</code></td>
<td>The App ID provided by Agora. For more information, see <a href="../../en/Agora%20Platform/key_signaling.md">Get an App ID</a>.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>The user ID defined by the client, which can be up to 128 visible characters (space is not allowed). It can be a uid, nickname, guid, and other content, so long as it is unique. The account parameters in this document follow this rule.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>token</code></td>
<td>The <code>SignalingToken</code> generated by App ID and App Certificate. See <a href="../../en/Agora%20Platform/key_signaling.md">How to Get and Use a SignalingToken</a> for details.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>Obsolete: Set it to 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>deviceID</code></td>
<td>Set it to NULL.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>retry_time_in_s</code></td>
<td>The maximum time allowed to re-login, 30 seconds by default.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>retry_count</code></td>
<td>The maximum times allowed to re-login, 3 times by default.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



> You can skip generating the token in a test environment by setting `token` to `_no_need_token`. However, Agora does not recommend this in a production environment. `onLoginFailed` will be triggered and reconnection stopped when either `retry_time_in_s` or `retry_count` is reached.

#### Log out of Agora's Signaling System (logout)

This method logs out of Agora's Signaling system and triggers the <code>onLogout</code> callback function when called successfully.

```
public virtual void logout () ;
```

#### Queries the User Status (queryUserStatus)

This method checks whether the user is online or not. Calling this method triggers the <code>onQueryUserStatusResult</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void queryUserStatus (char const * account, size_t account_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>Account of the user.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Sets the User Attributes (setAttr)

This method sets the user attributes.

```
public virtual void setAttr (char const * name, size_t name_size,char const * value, size_t value_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td>The attribute name, which can be up to 128 visible characters. </td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td>
<td>The attribute value, which can be up to 1024 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Retrieves Your User Attributes (getAttr)

This method retrieves your user attributes and triggers the <code>onUserAttrResult</code> callback function when called successfully.

```
public virtual void getAttr (char const * name, size_t name_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td><p>Attribute name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Retrieves all Your Attributes (getAttrAll)

This method retrieves all your attributes. You will receive the <code>onUserAttrAllResult</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
public virtual void getAttrAll () ;
```

#### Retrieves the Attributes of a Specific User (getUserAttr)

This method allows the user to retrieve the attributes of a specific user. The user receives the <code>onUserAttrResult</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void getUserAttr (char const * account, size_t account_size,char const * name, size_t name_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td><p>Attribute name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Retrieves all Attributes of a Specific User (getUserAttrAll)

This method allows the user to retrieve all attributes of a specific user. The user will receive the <code>onUserAttrAllResult</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
public virtual void getUserAttrAll (char const * account, size_t account_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Remote Calling Process (invoke:req:callID:)

This method is used for the remote calling process and triggers the <code>onInvokeRet</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
public virtual void invoke (char const * name, size_t name_size,char const * req, size_t req_size,char const * callID, size_t callID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Function</th>
<th>Parameter Settings and Returns</th>
</tr>
<tr><td>Queries the user status.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.user_query_user_status</li>
<li>req: {“account”:account of the user}</li>
<li>Returns: status(1:online; 0:offline)</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Sets a user attribute.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.user_set_attr</li>
<li>req: {“name”:attribute name,”value”:attribute value}</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Retrieves a user attribute.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.user_get_attr</li>
<li>req: {“account”:account of the user,”name”:attribute name}</li>
<li>Returns: {“value”:attribute value}</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Retrieves all attributes of a user.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.user_get_attr_all</li>
<li>req: {“account”:account of the user}</li>
<li>Returns: The JSON value of all attributes</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Retrieves the number of the users in a channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_query_num</li>
<li>req: {“name”:channel name}</li>
<li>Returns: All users in the channel</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Checks if a user is in a specific channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_query_user_isin</li>
<li>req: {“name”:channel name,”account”:account of the user}</li>
<li>Returns: isin（1: in the channel; 0:not in the channel）</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Retrieves a list of the users in a channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_query_userlist</li>
<li>req: {“name”:channel name}</li>
<li>Returns: {“num”:number of the users in the channel,”list”:the latest user}</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><b>Deprecated</b> Retrieves a list of the latest users in a channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_query_userlist_all</li>
<li>req: {“name”:channel name,”num”:number (by default 1000*1000)}</li>
<li>Returns: {“num”:number of the users in the channel,”list”:the latest users}</li>
<li>Agora recommends using it on the server. If using it on the client, pay attention to the limit on the usage frequency.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Clears all attributes of a specific channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_clear_attr</li>
<li>req: {“channel”:channel name}</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Deletes an attribute of a specific channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_del_attr</li>
<li>req: {“channel”:channel name,”name”:attribute name}</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>Sets an attribute of a specific channel.</td>
<td><ul>
<li>name: io.agora.signal.channel_set_attr</li>
<li>req: {“channel”:channel name,”name”:attribute name,”value”:value name}</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Sends a Point-to-point Message (messageInstantSend)

This method sends a point-to-point message to a specified user.

When this method is called successfully, the sender receives the <code>onMessageSendSuccess</code> callback function, and the receiver receives the <code>onMessageInstantReceive</code> callback function.

If the method fails, the sender receives the <code>onMessageSendError</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void messageInstantSend (char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * msg, size_t msg_size,char const * msgID, size_t msgID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msg</code></td>
<td>Message body. Each message must not exceed 8 KB visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msgID</code></td>
<td>Message ID. Agora recommends setting it to “”, allowing the SDK to generate and assign the msgID and to ensure its uniqueness.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Channel

#### Allows a User to Join a Channel (channelJoin)

This method allows a user to join a specified channel.

Once the user joins a channel, the user receives the <code>onChannelJoined</code> callback function, and the other users in the same channel receive the <code>onChannelUserJoined</code> callback function. If the user fails to join a specified channel, the user receives an <code>onChannelJoinFailed</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelJoin (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters and include the following special channel names and attributes <b>Deprecated and NOT recommended</b>:</p>
<ul>
<li><code>_agora_user_online</code>: All user-online or user-offline events within the current appID will be sent to this channel.</li>
<li><code>_agora_channel_event</code>: All events about a user joining or leaving a channel within the current appID will be sent to this channel.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



> Special channels are used by servers only to receive login and channel events.

#### Allows a User to Leave a Channel (channelleave)

This method allows a user to leave the current channel. Once a user has left the channel, the other users in the channel will receive the <code>onChannelUserLeaved</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelLeave (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Queries the Number of Users in a Channel (channelQueryUserNum)

This method allows a user to query the number of users in a specified channel. The user will receive the <code>onChannelQueryUserNumResult</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
public virtual void channelQueryUserNum (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Queries if a User is in a Channel (channelQueryUserIsIn:account:)

This method queries if a specified user is in a specified channel and triggers the <code>onChannelQueryUserIsIn</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
virtual void channelQueryUserIsIn (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. Maximum length is 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Sets the Channel Attributes (channelSetAttr)

This method sets the channel attributes. Whenever a change is made to the attributes, all users in the channel will receive the <code>onChannelAttrUpdated</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelSetAttr (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * name, size_t name_size,char const * value, size_t value_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name, which can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td>Attribute name, which can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td>
<td>Attribute value, which can be up to 8096 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



The following table shows the built-in attributes of the parameter, <code>name</code>:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Attributes</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><b>Deprecated</b><code>_userNotification</code></td>
<td><ul>
<li>1: (Default) The channel sends a callback function that a user has joined or left the channel.</li>
<li>0: The channel does not send a callback function that a user has joined or left the channel.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>_channel_ttl</code></td>
<td>Time (s) between the last user leaving a channel and the system destroying the channel. The default value is 7200. A special channel will never be destroyed.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>_member_num</code></td>
<td>Number of the users currently in the channel. It is automatically updated by the system.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>_auto_update_num</code></td>
<td><p>Indicates whether to automatically refresh the number of the users currently in the channel.</p>
<ul>
<li>0: (Default) Disabled</li>
<li>1 - n: Refreshing frequency (s)</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><b>Deprecated</b> <code>_total_member_num</code></td>
<td>Automatically indicates the accumulated number of the users in the channel. Similar to <code>_member_num</code> , <code>_auto_update_num</code> and <code>_auto_update_total_num</code> both need to be set to none zero.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><b>Deprecated</b> <code>_auto_update_total_num</code></td>
<td><p>Indicates whether to automatically refresh the number of the users currently in the channel.</p>
<ul>
<li>0: (Default) Disabled</li>
<li>1 - n: Refreshing frequency (s) (same as <code>_auto_update_num</code> )</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>_sendmsg_limit</code></td>
<td>Maximum messages allowed to be sent in the channel.</td>
</tr>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>_setattr_limit</code></td>
<td>Maximum times for updating a channel attribute in a second.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Deletes the Channel Attributes (channelDelAttr)

This method deletes the channel attributes. All users in the channel will receive the <code>onChannelAttrUpdated</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
public virtual void channelDelAttr (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * name, size_t name_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td><p>Attribute name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Deletes all Channel Attributes (channelClearAttr)

This method deletes all attributes of a specified channel. All users in the channel will receive the <code>onChannelAttrUpdated</code> callback function when this method is called successfully.

```
public virtual void channelClearAttr (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Sends a Channel Message (messageChannelSend)

This method allows a user to send a channel message, and all users in the same channel receive the <code>onMessageChannelReceive</code> callback function.

The sender receives the <code>onMessageSendSuccess</code> callback function when this method is called successfully, or receives the <code>onMessageSendError</code> callback function if failed.

```
public virtual void messageInstantSend (char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * msg, size_t msg_size,char const * msgID, size_t msgID_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msg</code></td>
<td>Message body. Each channel message must not exceed 8 KB visible characters. Each user cannot send more than 60 messages per second, and the entire channel cannot send more than 200 messages per second.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msgID</code></td>
<td>Visible characters. Message ID. Agora recommends setting it to “”, allowing the SDK to generate and assign the <code>msgID</code> and to ensure its uniqueness.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Calling

#### Initiates a Call (channelInviteUser)

This method initiates a call, that is, invites a user to join a specified channel.

> Calling and joining a channel are two separate processes. The user has to call channelJoin() to join the channel. The user can either join the channel before sending a call invitation or send a call invitation before joining the channel (when the counterpart accepts the invitation).

If the call fails, the user will receive the <code>onInviteFailed</code> callback function. Possible reasons include:

- The other user is offline
- Local network issues
- Server errors

If the caller gets a confirmation from the callee, the caller will receive the <code>onInviteReceivedByPeer</code> callback function, and the callee will receive the <code>onInviteReceived</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelInviteUser (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid=0) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the other user defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A. Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Initiates a Call (channelInviteUser2)

Same as <code>channelInviteUser</code>, except for the parameters.

```
public virtual void channelInviteUser2 (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name: It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the other user defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td><p>Extra information to send to the user being called. It can be up to 8 KB visible characters and must be in JSON format. For example:</p>
<ul>
<li>{“_require_peer_online”:1}  If the counterpart is offline, the <code>onInviteFailed</code> callback function will be triggered immediately.</li>
<li>{“_require_peer_online”:0}  If the counterpart is offline for more than 20 seconds, the <code>onInviteFailed</code> callback function will be triggered (default).</li>
<li>{“destMediaUid” : 123}  Specify the uid for joining the corresponding media channel.</li>
<li>{“srcNum” : “+123456789”} Specify the phone number to be displayed on the screen of the remote phone.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



> You do not need to set the `_require_peer_online` field when making a SIP call.

#### Sends a DTMF (Dual-tone Multi-frequency) Message to the Other User (channelInviteDTMF)

This method sends a DTMF message to the other user by calling through the SIP gateway. The receiver will receive the <code>onInviteMsg</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelInviteDTMF (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * phoneNum, size_t phoneNum_size,char const * dtmf, size_t dtmf_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>phoneNum</code></td>
<td>Phone number of the other user.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>dtmf</code></td>
<td>Subsequent analog phone number (DTMF) to be entered after the call gets through.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Accepts a Call (channelInviteAccept)

This method accepts the received call request or invitation. Once this method is called, the other user will receive the <code>onInviteAcceptedByPeer</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelInviteAccept (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>The caller’s user ID.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td><p>N/A.</p>
<p>Set as 0.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td><p>In JSON format. Can be “”.</p>
<p>User-defined information.</p>
<p>Can be used for a SIP call.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Rejects a Call (channelInviteRefuse)

This method rejects a call invitation or request. Once this method is called, the other user will receive the <code>onInviteRefusedByPeer</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelInviteRefuse (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the other user defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td>Extra information. It can be up to 8 KB visible characters and must be in the JSON format.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Ends a Call (channelInviteEnd)

This method ends a call after the call has been connected. The user receives the <code>onInviteEndByMyself</code> callback function, and the other user receives the <code>onInviteEndByPeer</code> callback function.

```
public virtual void channelInviteEnd (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid) ;
```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td><p>Channel name.</p>
<p>It can be up to 128 visible characters.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the other user defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td><p>N/A.</p>
<p>Set as 0.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Miscellaneous

#### Retrieves the User Status (getStatus)

This method retrieves the user status.

```
public virtual int getStatus () ;

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Return Value</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td>LOGIN_STATE_NOT_LOGIN</td>
<td>0: The user has not logged in.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>LOGIN_STATE_LOGINING</td>
<td>1: The user is logging in.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>LOGIN_STATE_LOGINED</td>
<td>2: The user has logged in.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td>LOGIN_STATE_RECONNECTING</td>
<td>3: The user is reconnecting.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Retrieves the SDK Version (getSdkVersion)

This method retrieves the version of the SDK.

```
public virtual int getSdkVersion () ;

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Return Value</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td>The SDK version.</td>
<td>For example, 1010104019 means version 1.1.4.19.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### Sends a Channel Message (messageChannelSendForce)

This method sends a channel message without joining a channel. Agora does not recommend using this method at the application level.

```
public virtual void messageChannelSendForce (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * msg, size_t msg_size,char const * msgID, size_t msgID_size) ;

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>The channel ID.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msg</code></td>
<td>The message to send.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msgID</code></td>
<td>Message ID. Agora recommends setting it to “”, allowing the SDK to generate and assign the msgID and to ensure its uniqueness.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Obsolete Interfaces

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Interfaces</th>
<th>Prototype</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>messageDTMFSend</code></td>
<td>public virtual void messageDTMFSend (uint32_t uid,char const * msg, size_t msg_size,char const * msgID, size_t msgID_size) ;</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelInvitePhone</code></td>
<td>public virtual void channelInvitePhone (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * phoneNum, size_t phoneNum_size,uint32_t uid=0) ;</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelInvitePhone2</code></td>
<td>public virtual void channelInvitePhone2 (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * phoneNum, size_t phoneNum_size,char const * sourcesNum, size_t sourcesNum_size) ;</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelInvitePhone3</code></td>
<td>public virtual void channelInvitePhone3 (char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * phoneNum, size_t phoneNum_size,char const * sourcesNum, size_t sourcesNum_size,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) ;</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>isOnline</code></td>
<td>public virtual bool isOnline () ;</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



## Callback Functions

The following callback functions are related to Agora’s signaling system.

### The Connection with the Agora’s Signaling System has been Lost (onReconnecting)

This callback function is triggered when the connection to Agora’s signaling system has been lost after login.

```
public virtual void onReconnecting(uint32_t nretry) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>nretry</code></td>
<td>The current reconnection number.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### An Error has Occurred During SDK Runtime (onError)

This callback function returns a detailed description of the error.

```
public virtual void onError(char const * name, size_t name_size,int ecode,char const * desc, size_t desc_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td>Error type.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td><p>Error code. For more information, see <a href="../../en/API%20Reference/the_error_signaling.md">Error Codes and Warning Codes</a>.</p>
<ul>
<li>GENERAL_E = 1000: General error.</li>
<li>GENERAL_E_FAILED = 1001: Operation failed.</li>
<li>GENERAL_E_UNKNOWN = 1002: General error - unknown.</li>
<li>GENERAL_E_NOT_LOGIN = 1003: Not logged in.</li>
<li>GENERAL_E_WRONG_PARAM = 1004: Wrong parameter.</li>
<li>GENERAL_E_LARGE_PARAM = 1005: Large parameter.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>desc</code></td>
<td>Description of the error.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The User Status (onQueryUserStatusResult)

This callback function returns the query result of the user status and is triggered when <code>queryUserStatus</code> is called.

```
public virtual void onQueryUserStatusResult(char const * name, size_t name_size,char const * status, size_t status_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td>Account of the user.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>status</code></td>
<td><p>Status of the user: Whether the user is online.</p>
<ul>
<li>1: User is online.</li>
<li>0: User is offline.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Application has Reconnected to the Agora’s Signaling System (onReconnected)

This callback function is triggered when the application has reconnected to Agora’s signaling system. When the reconnection fails, the <code>onLogout</code> callback function will be triggered instead.

```
public virtual void onReconnected(int fd) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>fd</code></td>
<td>Agora internal use only.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A User has Logged into the Agora’s Signaling System (onLoginSuccess)

This callback function is triggered when a user has logged into Agora’s signaling system.

```
public virtual void onLoginSuccess(uint32_t uid,int fd) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>fd</code></td>
<td>Agora internal use only.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A User has Logged out of Agora’s Signaling System (onLogout)

This callback function is triggered when a user has logged out of Agora’s signaling system.

```
public virtual void onLogout(int ecode) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A User has Failed to Log into Agora’s Signaling System (onLoginFailed)

This callback function is triggered when a user has failed to log into Agora’s signaling system.

```
public virtual void onLoginFailed(int ecode) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### The Remote Calling Process has Succeeded (onInvokeRet)

This callback function is triggered when the remote calling process has succeeded.

```
void onInvokeRet(String callID, String err, String resp);

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>callID</code></td>
<td>Call ID introduced by invoke()</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>err</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>resp</code></td>
<td>Returned JSON value</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A User has Joined a Channel (onChannelJoined)

This callback function is triggered when a user has joined a channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelJoined(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### A User has Failed to Join a Channel  (onChannelJoinFailed)

This callback function is triggered when the user has failed to join a channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelJoinFailed(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,int ecode) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A User has Left a Channel (onChannelLeaved)

This callback function is triggered when a user has left a channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelLeaved(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,int ecode) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Another User has Joined the Channel  (onChannelUserJoined)

This callback function is triggered when another user has joined the channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelUserJoined(char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### Another User has Left the Channel  (onChannelUserLeaved)

This callback function is triggered when another user has left the channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelUserLeaved(char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The User List in the Channel (onChannelUserList)

A user will receive this callback function after joining a channel.

> The retrieved user list includes a maximum of the latest 200 users in the channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelUserList(int n,char** accounts,uint32_t* uids) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>n</code></td>
<td>Number of users in the channel.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>List of users in the channel.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Number of Users in a Channel (onChannelQueryUserNumResult)

This callback function is triggered when a user has queried the number of users in a channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelQueryUserNumResult(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,int ecode,int num) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>num</code></td>
<td>The query result</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



#### The Queried User is in the Channel (onChannelQueryUserIsIn)

This callback function is triggered when a user has queried whether he/she is in the channel.

```
public virtual void onChannelQueryUserIsIn(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,int isIn) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>isIn</code></td>
<td><p>Whether the user is in the channel:</p>
<div><ul>
<li>1: In the channel</li>
<li>0: Not in the channel</li>
</ul>
</div>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Channel Attribute has Changed (onChannelAttrUpdated)

This callback function is triggered when the channel attribute has changed.

```
public virtual void onChannelAttrUpdated(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * name, size_t name_size,char const * value, size_t value_size,char const * type, size_t type_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td>Attribute name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td>
<td>Attribute value.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>type</code></td>
<td><p>Change types:</p>
<div><ul>
<li>“update”: Update</li>
<li>“del”: Delete</li>
<li>“clear”: Delete all</li>
<li>“set”: N/A</li>
</ul>
</div>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A Call Request has been Received  (onInviteReceived)

This callback function is received by the callee when the callee has received a call invitation or request.

```
public virtual void onInviteReceived(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the caller defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set it to 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td>Extra information to send to the callee. It can be up to 8 KB visible characters and must be in JSON format.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Callee has Received the Call Request (onInviteReceivedByPeer)

This callback function is received by the caller when the callee has received the call invitation or request.

```
public virtual void onInviteReceivedByPeer(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the callee defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Callee has Accepted the Call Request (onInviteAcceptedByPeer)

This callback function is received by the caller when the callee has accepted the call invitation or request.

```
public virtual void onInviteAcceptedByPeer(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the callee defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td>Extra information to send to the user being called. It must be in JSON format.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Callee has Rejected the Call Request (onInviteRefusedByPeer)

This callback function is received by the caller when the callee has rejected the call invitation or request.

```
public virtual void onInviteRefusedByPeer(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the callee defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td>Extra information: NULL or in JSON format.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A Call has Failed (onInviteFailed)

This callback function is triggered when a call has failed.

```
public virtual void onInviteFailed(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,int ecode,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the callee defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td>Extra information: NULL or in JSON format.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Callee has Ended the Call (onInviteEndByPeer)

This callback function is triggered when the callee has ended the call.

```
public virtual void onInviteEndByPeer(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * extra, size_t extra_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the callee defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msg</code></td>
<td>Message body</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td><p>Extra information the caller wants to deliver to the callee.</p>
<p>For example, this is a video call or voice call.</p>
<p>It must be in JSON format.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The Caller has Ended the Call (onInviteEndByMyself)

This callback function is triggered when the caller has ended the call.

```
public virtual void onInviteEndByMyself(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the caller defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A DTMF Message sent by the Callee has been Received  (onInviteMsg)

This callback function is triggered when the caller has received the DTMF message sent by the callee.

```
public virtual void onInviteMsg(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size, char const * account, size_t account_size, int uid, String msgType, String msgData, String extra)

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name. It can be up to 128 visible characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the callee defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msgType</code></td>
<td>Message type (DTMF).</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msgData</code></td>
<td>Detailed DTMF message. Supported strings include: 0-9, * and #.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>extra</code></td>
<td>Extra information of the call, which can be a string, a JSON string, or NULL.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The User has Failed to Send a Message (onMessageSendError)

This callback function is triggered when the user has failed to send a message.

```
public virtual void onMessageSendError(char const * messageID, size_t messageID_size,int ecode) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>messageID</code></td>
<td>Message ID</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>ecode</code></td>
<td>Error code</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### The User has Successfully Sent a Message (onMessageSendSuccess)

This callback function is triggered when the user has successfully sent a message.

```
public virtual void onMessageSendSuccess(char const * messageID, size_t messageID_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>messageID</code></td>
<td>Message ID</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A Message has been Received (onMessageInstantReceive)

This callback function notifies a user that a message has been received.

```
public virtual void onMessageInstantReceive(char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * msg, size_t msg_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the clients.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msg</code></td>
<td>Message body.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A Channel Message has been Received (onMessageChannelReceive)

This callback function is triggered when a channel message has been received.

```
public virtual void onMessageChannelReceive(char const * channelID, size_t channelID_size,char const * account, size_t account_size,uint32_t uid,char const * msg, size_t msg_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>channelID</code></td>
<td>Channel name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID defined by the clients.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>uid</code></td>
<td>N/A: Set as 0.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>msg</code></td>
<td>Message body.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### A Line has been Created in a Log File (onLog)

This callback function is triggered when a line has been created in a log file.

```
public virtual void onLog(char const * txt, size_t txt_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>txt</code></td>
<td>Line in the log file</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### An Attribute of a Specified User (onUserAttrResult)

This callback function is triggered when the user has queried an attribute of a specified user.

```
public virtual void onUserAttrResult(char const * account, size_t account_size,char const * name, size_t name_size,char const * value, size_t value_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the specified user defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>name</code></td>
<td>Attribute name.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td>
<td>Value of the attribute.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



### All Attributes of a Specified User (onUserAttrAllResult)

This callback function is triggered when a user has queried all attributes of a specified user.

```
public virtual void onUserAttrAllResult(char const * account, size_t account_size,char const * value, size_t value_size) {}

```

<table>
<colgroup>
<col/>
<col/>
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr><th>Parameter</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>account</code></td>
<td>User ID of the specified user defined by the client.</td>
</tr>
<tr><td><code>value</code></td>
<td>JSON values of all attributes of the user.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>



## Error Codes and Warning Codes

See [Error Codes and Warning Codes](../../en/API%20Reference/the_error_signaling.md).
